Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're going to continue on in the same vein as our last few lectures.
And that is our programs of airline kind of check in not checked in features.
So for many of our programs we won't know in advance how many arguments a function needs to accept but
Python allows a function to collect an arbitrary number of arguments from the calling statement.
So the function in the following program has one parameter but this parameter collects as many arguments
as the calling line provides.
Let's create our new function and let's take a step back from where we were with a previous programs
and imagine ourselves online booking ourselves a flight.
So create passenger and we're going to have requests.
OK there we go.
That parameter will collect all the user requests.
Print user request in our description.
There we go print requests.
Now let's call our function.
So create passenger now what request would a passenger when they're blocking a flight make IOC or let's
say window seat.
I like window seats window seat seat near the top of the plane seat new type of plane.
There we go.
I was on the other AM request that a user might make.
Actually I was booking a flight the other day and you're allowed to request breakfast so you can preorder
your breakfast on the plane.
So preorder breakfast now.
There we go.
Let's print this out an error now.
I've left that in by design.
So we have an error.
Unlike my previous errors I said at the start of this lecture we can create a function that will allow
us to accept an arbitrary number of arguments so here we have an arbitrary number of arguments and a
request and a print request but how do we actually accept the average number of arguments.
We just need to make a small change here.
We need to add an asterix to request the Actrix and the parameter tells to make an empty tuple called
requests and put in it whatever values it receives.
Now let's have a look at it again.
There we go.
So as you can see when creating this passenger they requested a window seat near the top of the plane
and they've preordered breakfast.
Very very nice.
In our next lecture will replace the print statement with a loop and run through each of the passenger
requests.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.